---
slug: funding-ngi-2019
title: Consento receives funding by NGI!
author: Daniel Kastl
author_url: /team/daniel
author_image_url: /img/tanja/cc-by-nc-nd/team/Daniel.svg
---
import { Image, License } from '../src/theme/consento'

The goal of Consento is to provide a free and open technology for humans. Neither free nor open rimes well with profit though, and our initial [team][../team] has been thinking about how to make Consento viable from the start. It was clear to us that we will progress slowly on our own. Through our contacts in the DAT community, we learned about various funding opportunities and eventually found the perfect match with NGI's new LEDGER program.

The [Next Generation Internet (NGI)][NGI] is an EU fund that supports the decentralization of power in the internet and the empowerment of humans in this technology-powered day and age. The LEDGER program of the NGI focuses particularly on this core topic and so we applied. _(We first took the character limit for a word limit in the application, and basically we wrote a short book on Consento before we had to cut it down to the essence_ 😅_)_

Daniel presented the general concept and the work we did on May 29th in Amsterdam. The event was stuffed with people that spoke the same language with us. This was an exhilarating experience for him, considering that we hardly found someone vaguely familiar with that topic in our physical surroundings.

The NGI saw a lot of potential in Consento and we are now part of the [first batch of projects][]! In this first funding we will be focusing on prototype development _(giving you something you can try out)_ and further UX research.

We are so excited about this and hope you join us on our way to the future!

[first batch of projects]: https://twitter.com/LedgerEu/status/1136176341890621440
[NGI]: https://www.ngi.eu/about/ledger/

<License license="CC-BY-NC-SA" author="daniel" year="2019" />
